My game-breaker go to Brett Favre.
And when defense felt my will, it was a total different game then.
The Packers don't has a running game.
This team have not played confident football in three weeks.
He gets the ball over to their third read than most quarterback can.
Mike Martz have this offense rollin'
The Pittsburgh Steelers are not as good as everyone think they are.
Brett Favre went into Dallas nine times and have a big goose egg.
I love those style of play that the Tennessee Titans bring to the game.
Let's see if he step up big today and play great for the Chargers.
He just need a runnin game to help him.
Giants has too many guys in the secondary banged up.
All those things messes with the mentality of your ball club.
I'm concerned about a guy who fall down before get hits.
Wes Worker is a possession receiver that make things happen. He's gonna be the guy Tom Brady look for on third downs.
Norv Turner have a lot of experience in the playoff.
I like the Eagles based on what I saw on Monday night.
Tom Brady is buyin' time for his lineman.
Let's not judge the Giants until we're in the bottom half of the season... The bottom half of the schedule get much tougher.
Reggie Bush is definitely effective. Just not tonight.
The NFC West is probably one of the weakest... CONFERENCES... in the whole NFC. These guys over here, you have the Cardinals, you have the 49ers, you have the Seahawks, and you also have the Rams...
Alex has a lot of growing up to do, and it's hard to grow up when you are learning three different offenses every year.
He was coming through line to make a move and got blind sided by Al Wi... Al Wi... Al Jackson.
The leadership definitely have to come from the leaders.
You have new offensive coordinator and defensive coordinator.
The percentages for teams that go into score before the first half is pretty high that they wins the game.
The one thing that derail a team is a thing called the injury bugs.
They're gearing up to stop the run. They put eight men in the box. Eight men... sometimes nine.
You have to have the personality to match up with the Patriots.
A reason they don't want to repeat what they did last year, they don't want to look really bad down the stretch.
And then he come back and throw another pass and he drop it.
I'm going with the Pats ... they are an all-around good ball club.
Not only does he have the NFC East record for touchdowns, but also the team record.
Last year there was a lot of things the Colts had to address. They couldn't stop the run... and all those... that was one of the biggest things they had to address.
The Giants secondary really have to be physical with this guy.
They started 6-2. Now, they're 6-3.
He has a chance to correct those things once he come back outside.
As my offense get better, my defense is goin be that much more better.
Wade Phillips have not had time to insert this.
The Jets can only be disrespected by every team in the league.
What else can you say about a defense that get together?
They can ride Adrian Peterson into the doggone playoff.
Eli Manning has been given the rice of passage.
He's giving them all the confidences they need... he giving them the confidence that he need.
Detroit Lions had our numbers.
He's goin change how the front office even think.
When he get over the Texas line, something crazy happens in his head.
I think it's his self-confidence in himself that make him so confident when it get down into the crunch time.
They both can return kicks and punt return guys.
That defense got after Tom Brady's behind today.
Why doesn't... don't the defensive players put their hands on Randy Moss? Don't back back.
Colonizing are a good idea. If I am make president, I will start doing these right away.
My stances says gay marriage would definitely be a slowed down if you gets in his mind. If it slip in the marriage, it slip in the honeymoons.
These are a good point. But when I plays football, everyone respect my wills and my strong.
Did you see that passes? I have make that throws once when we use a trick play against the 49er. I throw the football and Michael Irvin makes difficultly catches in end zone.
The Bengals doesn't have heart much like the scarecrows in the Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobes.
When you look at these coin toss, I think the Falcons will win that coin toss because Oakland are a little banged up right now in their secondary, and Atlanta have the talent to take advantage of that lack of talent.
Defensively, they're solid. They have solid defenses.
You hear Andy Reid going online and say, Donovan McNabb is my starting quarterback.
Now the Colts are probably playing with more confidence than they ever have played since they been with the Indianapolis Colts.
They did a good job flying around the football field and carowzing the football carrier.
Brady will put up monster numbers because he can throw.
You cannot change the stripes of a leopard.
The hill represent another rushing title this year for the season. For others watching this thing who've worked out on hills, this is a opportunity to build strength within.
...Go to Arizona, sharp as a whistle, and do some finishing touches, so we can go down in the Super Bowl and play our best football of the whole entire season.
That can be a swing their way eventually. I just hate to be the team that they winned it against.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.
I was a little scared of Boz. Boz scared me a little bit. Boz was on a different type of artificial nutrition than I was. Period.
Understand now, I have a Boston, Midwestern and Louisiana accent now. So it's three dialects into one. It's no longer family -- I've got all kinds of stuff to throw at you.
I didn't get a sandwich thrown at me, but R.J. [Moten] came up to me and said I just got hit with a PB&J in the face. So I guess they were.
We wanted to operate in a position of strength, and that was the Big Ten.
I almost feel sorry for Tennessee. They're not going to win the division, they're not going to win the SEC, they're not going to get in that Final Four. They're just going to have a little bit better than average year now.
We were second in recruiting last year, A&M was first. A&M bought every player on their team. Made a deal for name, image and likeness. We didn't buy one player. But I don't know if we will be able to sustain that in the future...
I'm not going to comment on whether it's a felony or not, or whether it should've been charged as a felony or not, but I think if you do your homework you're going to realize you can't compare this to the low-hanging fruit that's out there.
So many guys look bad in shorts and then they put the pads on and they’re football players. I am looking for the football players now, not the soccer players.
You play to win the game. Hello? You play to win the game. You don’t play just to play it. And I don’t care if you don’t have any wins; you go play to win. When you start telling me it doesn’t matter, then retire. Get out. ‘Cuz it matters.
They are who we thought they were. And we let ’em off the hook!
If you have two quarterbacks, you actually have none.
I’m just here so I won’t get fined.
It’s not the size of the dog in the fight, but the size in the fight of the dog.
I am shocked by what I'm seeing from Derek Jeter right now. They all said he was washed up. All of a sudden, this man has turned 38 years of age in June and already he has more hits than he had last year.
Tim Tebow is the next Brett Favre!
The University of Oklahoma will win the NCAA football championship and Landry Jones will win the Heisman. Book it.
I'm totally against taking America-born white players in the first round of the draft.
I think Mike Wilbon is insane. I love him dearly; we're very good friends. But he's crazy. I mean, Mike's willing to come off the golf course for Chicago and DC, but I’m not letting those Washington homers get away with this one. No no no no no no.
I'VE BEEN EXTREMELY OBJECTIVE ABOUT TIM TEBOW. And that's my problem: I'm one of the very few commentators who have been objective about Tebow.