Real G's move in silence like lasagna.
Money is My Bitch
Birthdays was the worst days, now we sip champagne when we thirsty.
Get rich or die tryin.
Mo Money Mo Problems.
I’m not a businessman, I’m a business, man!
Hip-hop is the streets. Hip-hop is a couple of elements that it comes from back in the days... that feel of music with urgency that speaks to you. It speaks to your livelihood and it's not compromised. It's blunt. It's raw, straight off the street.
You shouldn't throw stones if you live in a glass house and if you got a glass jaw, you should watch yo mouth: cause I'll break yo face.
Female rappers get it the hardest. You have to be a girl, yet you have to be just as hard as the guys. I think some female rappers get scared out of the business before they can make it.
I put everyone in my school on to Nicki Minaj before she blew up. I was obsessed with her and I was like, 'If she's the best female rapper then I've got to be better than her.'
Confidence literally starts from yourself. You have to go look in the mirror at yourself. If you don’t like what you see, you’re going to give off that energy.
If people take anything from my music, it should be motivation to know that anything is possible as long as you keep working at it and don’t back down.
Sporadic thoughts will pop into my head and I'll have to go write something down, and the next thing you know I've written a whole song in an hour.
When you’re a little kid, you don’t see color, and the fact that my friends were black never crossed my mind. It never became an issue until I was a teenager and started trying to rap.
God damn! Drug dealers dealin’ to the kiddies; livin’ in the city ain’t no pity on the itty-bitty. We try to cry, but still they all die, I try to speak to the youth, and the truth is: they all high.
Thanks to Reaganomics, prisons turned to profits, Cause free labor is the cornerstone of US economics. Slavery was abolished, unless you are in prison, wonder why they giving drug offenders time in double digits.
Reporting live from the project benches:
Hella caine, dope in cellophane, dirty syringes. Heroin zombies street-walking on three-week binges. Clientele look like the Thriller vid in 3D lenses.
I’ll ignore you sellin crack, killin people, and keepin it real, but disrespect me and my adopted fam and die young like veal.
I say ‘cuz’ around Bloods, and I say ‘blood’ around Crips... I’m twisted. Got Mary, got Lucy, got Molly: that’s wifey, girlfriend and mistress.
I clock G’s while you clock Z’s. And I don’t smoke crack…I smoke MC’s.
Now on the first day of Christmas, my homeboy gave to me: A sack of the krazy glue and told me to smoke it up slowly. Now on the second day of Christmas, my homeboy gave to me: A fifth of Hendog and told me to take my mind off that weed.
White Jesus in my crock pot, I mix the shit with some soda. Now Black Jesus turn water to wine, ...And all I had to do was turn the stove up.
If I wasn’t in the rap game, I’d probably have a key knee-deep in the crack game. Because the streets is a short stop: Either you’re slinging crack rock or you got a wicked jump shot.